Reinstate #33221 (#33572)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/docker-compose-https.md

dotnet dev-certs https --trust
```

> On Linux, `dotnet dev-certs https --trust` requires .NET 8.0.401 SDK or later. For Linux on .NET 8.0.400 SDK and earlier, see your Linux distribution's documentation for trusting a certificate.<!--todo What is the correct 8.0 patch version that has the new functionality? -->

Author: ```suggestion
On Linux, `dotnet dev-certs https --trust` requires .NET 8.0.402 SDK or later. For Linux on .NET 8.0.401 SDK and earlier, see your Linux distribution's documentation for trusting a certificate.
```
